accuracy we want to go in a in a
particular route that will reach us to
the maximum suppose this is the point
where it has the maximum highest
accuracy starting somewhere randomly we
want to reach this point at the fastest
rate right the acquisition function the
acquisition function is something that
will that will estimate the height of
these points okay think of this as a
contour you might have seen Contour
graphs and all where you have say red
colors dark red colors wherever the
point is very high the the value is very
high heat Maps kind of thing right and
the milder the color becomes the the
lower the values are can think of it
like this so the acquisition Point
acquisition function will help you
estimate the value of the objective
function at any given point right
likewise The Sur okay sorry the
surrogate function I'm talking about
surrogate function here surate function
will estimate this objective value and
the and the acquisition function
acquisition function will decide what
route to take in order to reach the
optimal point so this is the fundamental
idea behind bin optimization let's